we go
and me
yes
and here I have a bottle of florid water
of the murray house which is a house
classic has almost two centuries the brand
murray and it is a water that we usually use
both the quick anos and the witches the
integers also use it and it is
fantastic to do purification is of
offal is normally used to
spray the house to businesses the
magical tools the altars also
serves to add it to what is the bathroom
Purification is also included in
some formulas and spells and
It is usually bought in stores
esoteric and you can find it in the
online store but you can also
prepare one yourselves that is
just as effective I want to show you how
you can prepare florid water
essence we need it in the first place
a one liter glass container
essence of cinnamon that gives the touch of
sweetness and good luck essence of
orange blossom or bergamot clove also
we could use mandarin essence
lemon
essence of lavender that is harmonious the
glycerin be distilled to fix the
essences and a spoon to measure
the 60th this formula I want to dedicate
especially to rubén marta and nereida de
tarragona because I know they are about
indefatigable workers of the
energies and they will like the formula and the
wood ready to test I'm going to
put first
three quarters or three
quarter
put the essences in the first place I'm going to
put a teaspoon of essence of
lavender lavender brings calm peace relaxes
and calm discussions
a teaspoon of lavender essence
a teaspoon of lemon essence that
purify clean and remove the energies
negative
a teaspoon of orange blossom that is
fantastic to improve relationships
between people calm
and offers harmony
half teaspoon of clove essence
that offer protection and stabilize
positive energies
and a half teaspoon of cinnamon
which is fantastic to sweeten
mix well to dissolve the
metal or powder essences
and let's add a few drops of
glycerin as a fixative I'm going to
add seven drops
do not overdo the glycerin
because if there is not very print bozzo
touch
you see how it is taking the golden color
and now I'm going to add a glass A
quarter of distilled water the water is
I'm adding little by little so I do not know
precipitate so that it does not turn white
and I'm stirring slowly little by little
so that it is perfect
although it is that if you rushed white
you can add a tad more alcohol
to clarify
To decorate the bottle you must include
a few petals of roses to remind us
that love is the energy that unites it
everything and that heals everything and a few crusts
citrus orange peel
perfect I put another one
and the flowery water is already going to leave
sit overnight to finish
to hunt the essences and finish
mix well and once 24 hours pass
will be ready to use just
label florid water to cleaning
ipad harmony external use and you're ready
to use it can be stored in the closet
always away from sunlight if you want
that is a little more practical you can
pass it to an atomizer a sprayer
and so we can take the bottle from here
over there without any problem I just
to pass it to this plastic bottle
and so I remember having on the altars or
If I'm not traveling, I have to make you
some house cleaning or spraying
some business forever is a lot
more practice
You see murray florida water is
fantastic but florida water
homemade is not far behind
if you are going to use it to make
spoils I advise that while going
pulverizing, the
prayer that runs the water that runs the
Water
it is a prayer that I have published many
times on the channel in other videos
you can also pray another type of
prayers but if we use water
florida in combination with the prayers
it is always more effective and multiplies
The effect can be used for many
things serve for tired feet with
burning sensation we can pulverize
us feet for skin care
because it takes into account that the essences
who are healers we can also
use them on the skin too
we can pulverize the room of the
children or the elderly or
sick to renew the energies
we can also spray on the
cervical are the hands if we have
headaches also also
we can pulverize the pillow or use it
as a colony before going to sleep if
we have nightmare dreams
unpleasant we can also spray
about clothes after washing them because
it gives a light touch also we can
use after the bath after the
spray shower us to stay clean
and purified when we have a fever and
we can also associate the
is classic to the water of Colombia of 1800
because it comes from there the formula seems
as if it were a cologne water of
children and the moment you start to
use it as a spiritual vehicle
you will see it with different eyes because in its
results are fantastic I hope that you
serve and see you in the next video
see you soon